NMS-15708: various corrections/clarifications in Sentinel docs (#6248)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/flows/thresholding.adoc

----

[[ga-flow-support-thresholding-properties]]

> The properties for the step-size and the idle timeout can be specified in the file `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/org.opennms.features.flows.persistence.elastic.cfg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the properties for the step size and the idle timeout in the file `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/org.opennms.features.flows.persistence.elastic.cfg`.
```
